VAULT-6615 Update docs for 1.12 quota changes (#16381)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/enterprise/lease-count-quotas.mdx

receives lease generation requests. Lease quotas can be imposed across Vault's API,
or scoped down to API pertaining to specific namespaces or specific mounts.

A quota that is defined in the `root` namespace with no specified path is inherited by all namespaces.
Essentially, it applies to the entire Vault API unless a more specific quota has been defined
for a specific API path.

> Lease count quotas defined on a namespace will take precedence over the global

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lease count quotas defined on a namespace takes precedence over the global
```

Reviewer: It might be better to modify the paragraph by putting the content in an unordered list since "...will take precedence..." is repetitive here.
